+++
title = "Games I Beat"
author = ["Biavler"]
date = 2023-01-26T14:45:00-06:00
lastmod = 2023-04-10T19:29:50-05:00
tags = ["personal"]
draft = false
+++

## 2023 {#2023}

1.  Diddy Kong Racing: Awesome racing game. I love the lack of rubber
    banding and the variety of vehicles it allowed. All the vehicles
    were fun. Finished on: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2023-01-25 Wed&gt;</span></span>

2.  New Super Mario Brothers Wii: 100% the game. Finished on:
    <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2023-01-25 Wed&gt;</span></span>.

3.  New Super Mario Bros. U: The first Wii U game I played and beat.
    Finished on: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2023-03-10 Fri&gt;</span></span>.

4.  Conker's Bad Fur Day: Super amazing game, one of the funniest and
    most tragic games ive played. Def one of the best. Finished on:
    <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2023-03-17 Fri&gt;</span></span>.


## 2022 {#2022}

I got a job so I played a lot less games. I bought a steamdeck but I
haven't been completionist minded with it.

1.  pikmin 2 (Wii): Super amazing game. Really improves on the first. I find
    the game considerably more difficult then pikmin 1.

2.  EVO: Search for Eden (SNES): I have heard this game mentioned in
    regards to Spore, some see it as a spiritual pioneer. And I see the
    Spore similarities right away. The game is very weird and unlike
    most SNES games I have played.

    It is fun but there are flaws. I really wish this game had a sequel
    and became a staple Enix franchise. It has a prequel but it is a
    turn-based RPG which doesn't interest me.

3.  Mario Kart Doube Dash (GC): If you win every Cup in Mario kart on
    all difficulty levels and unlock everything, I consider that
    completion. I thought the game was great.

4.  Mario Kart Wii (Wii): I didn't like that they took away the
    "snaking" mechanic from Double Dash which is my favorite part. I
    also found the game to be more unfair and frustrating and I like
    don't how bad karts are compared to bikes. Still a good game but I
    prefer double dash.

5.  Donkey Kong Country (SNES)

6.  Donkey Kong Country 2 (SNES): Both games are so good. I prefer this
    games final boss but their so great.


### Games I abandoned {#games-i-abandoned}

-   Donkey Kong Country 3 (SNES): Didn't click with me like the other two.

-   Secret of Mana (SNES): Didn't like the game. I found the gameplay
    annoying and the plot basic and uninteresting. I find the music amazing.

<!--listend-->

-   Space Police Gallivan (Famicom): Metroidvania hidden gem on Famicom. I got
    to the final stage but it has a huge difficulty curve. I do recommend it.

-   Koroinpa 2 (Wii): They changed the physics and mechanics that it is
    really hard to get use to. Also no simultaneous multiplayer?


## 2021 {#2021}

Overall the year had me playing total classics. Other then Swords and
Sandals, I would recommended all of these games. The one that blew me
away was Pikmin.

1.  Faxanandu (NES): I beat this game with a [guide](https://strategywiki.org/wiki/Faxanadu) (which was very well
    developed) and I think that greatly enhanced the experience. A very
    enjoyable action RPG.

2.  Flintstones: the Rescue of Dino and Hoppy (NES): Extremly enjoyable
    platformer, one of Taito's late release NES game. I find the game
    extremly brutal in the beginning but it gets easier once you get
    used to it. I like how varied the levels are in this game.
    Definitely one of my favorite NES games.

3.  Flintstones: The Surprise at Dinosuar Peak (SNES): Extremly late
    NES game that is a sequal to the former game. Really good and a
    well-deserved sequel. It uses the same game engine but adds new
    mechanics like character switching (you can play as Barney now and
    he has a different attack).

4.  Spore (PC): I remember really being excited to play this game when
    it came out but never got to. I beat it in less then a week. No
    stage took more then 2 hours (and 2 hours is really pushing it). I
    beat this game with a guide and once you know the tricks (which can
    be summarized in a sentence) this game is a breeze. I was
    personally shocked how short this game was,

    I still like the game, but I am glad I didn't buy it when it came
    out. It seems like a really good game for challenges.

5.  Link to the Past (SNES): Absolute classic. So much has said about
    this game and its all true.

6.  Castle of Illusion (Genesis/Mega Drive): Finally a game that I like
    on the Genesis. This game is utterly gorgeous and has amazing
    music. This is one of the best platformers I have played.

7.  Pikmin (GC): Stunned by this game. Its supper innovative. I feel
    like I did the right thing in starting with this one.

8.  Swords and Sandals 1, 2 and 3 (Flash): 2 is great. 1 and 3 are meh.
    I really like the premise of this game. I don't think the series is
    all that great but I see so much potential for what it brings.

9.  Kirby and the crystal shards (N64): I really like the vibe of this
    game. But I felt that the game was incredibly short. The power-up
    mechanic is really fun and the game still looks great even today.

10. Mario 64 (N64): I Got all 120 Stars. Absolute classic and I still
    think is the best 3D platformer.

11. Koroinpa Marbia Mania (Wii): A game that used motion control well.
    Super fun marble balance game.
